
BRAINSTORM Who is your target audience? - Music Listeners, people who want to listen off and online, offline would be downloads 


	Who are you building this app for? people who want a cheaper or simpler  alternative to Spotify/Amazon Music etc.

	What are their specific needs and pain points? Easy interface, mobile access, offline access, playlist creation, recommendations, share feature


What makes this app standout from existing solutions?

	Why should users choose your app over another? Easy offline access without active subscription. 
						       Cheaper? Can listen without an account but have to subscribe for custom playlists


How will users navigate and interact with the app?  

	How will you make sure the interface is intuitive? - Similar interface to existing apps. Same controls for Apple and Android 

	How will you ensure accessibility for diverse users? Deaf- maybe vibrations and subtitles for experience?
							     Blind - read aloud options, speak to navigate 
							     Cultural and regional recommendations, by genre
							     ADVANCED- audiobook option and lyrics display option, external account routing or music import music or settings

What are the essential features and functionality?

	What features should be prioritized initially and what features can come later? Local storage outside of the cloud, option for a cloud

	Here’s the list of must-have features for a music streaming app:

	Login & Registration
	User Profile
	Search
	Music Player
	User’s Library
	Artist & Album Profiles

	What features are critical?

	music licensing 
	formatted for apple & android
	set to height device and width 
	browser & mobile access
	help info/tutorial when app is first used
	clean user interface
	manageable download size to prevent overload of storage


INFO ARCHITECTURE What is your information hierarchy? - what will user see first(homepage)

	What are the most important items to convey to the user? What the app does
								 What they need to do to get started - quick process 
								 have the info play in a quick visual so they have to search or think about it to much
						                 Relate to interface they already know (Spotify?)
								 Price point - if any
								 Customer service/ question box if needed

	How do you remove "friction" (i.e. make it easy for the user to use and/or register to use the app)
								 Sign in with an existing account (google) or email
								 bio recognition or passcode to login
								 compatible download (apple android, pixel, razor) 
								 Familiar interface

	What content is the most important, and how do you make sure it's easy to get to? Profile
											  Search Feature - by album, genre, artist
											  Feature placement should visible and convienient, not interfere with typing/ exit
											  home button in case they get lost? 

	How do you model the site navigation to match this hierarchy?  Profile/dropdown menu should be on top right
								       tabs should break down by relevance (albums, playlists, artists) 
								       navbar to profile, home, and support
								       Custom playlist label

	What's the ideal user "path" to use the app?  Give feedback option, report errors
						      Dislike/like feature for recommendations - adapt ui to profile feedback 
						      tracking within app data to examine active user behavior to understand what you’re doing right. (Userpilot, Google Analytics?)
